All right so we are displaying some data we can list on data and we already made the edit post page
right.
So we type a condition here.
Source equals it posed.
We go to that specific page right now what we need to do is actually put a link here.
So when we click and we go to that specific post speech and edit that specific post.
Right.
So first of all let's go to that page right now and there should be View polls.
We're going to be adding a link right here at the end of the delete.
I don't know where I got to semi-colons there but just took it off and go ahead and check this out.
So the lead we want to edit to be actually before delete the list should be the last I think.
All right.
So what we want to pass here is the same because we this get request should be going to that same page
posts because we have the switch statement here.
All right.
And then we're going to pass it a parameter to go to that page and the.
The parameters are going to be added.
Post right.
That's a parameter we passed to go to that page and then here I show you a new technique that you don't
know yet.
Well I actually show this in my course but that's in the beginning where I talk about GET requests and
this is just to the Vaj the parameters see we can set multiple parameters but we need to divide the
values by using an ampersand right.
That's how we divide the value.
And I'm going to call this new parameter p we haven't made it yet but P ID we're making it right now.
And that's going to be equal to the post ID.
Right.
So I think we're done here and this is going to say it.
So let's go and check that out right now.
Should work if I refresh here and I click Edit it takes me to actually take me to the edit page.
Sorry about that.
All right.
That's I forgot something here.
And of course I did forget to add the source.
We need to add this source source key and that shoe fits it.
All right.
Let's go back into it again.
I did see that and passing two parameters up here.
This source and it's posed to take me to this page.
And then the P underscore ID for post ID to this specific post and this is how most of the see M-S is
in the world the big ones do it bason different parameters as a matter of fact Google does that.
They pass like 10 Parama to see you are.
So this is how you get information across.
All right so now that we have that information we need to actually catch it somewhere.
So lets just make this smaller.
I don't know why my editor keeps making.
I don't know if it's me or the editor making this bigger here.
All right.
So let's go to another page here where we can get a query that we already have.
I think we are on that page right now as a matter of fact.
Yeah we are on the page.
All right.
So let's take this query out of here because we're going to use it.
So before I do that let me explain what I want to do.
So if I'm here and I click add it I want to take that parameter array in catch it somewhere else to
display all the information for that specific post.
So I want to display the title from the database for this specific post.
In this case it's going to be id 28 and the older the stat is I want to play all this information for
that I need to pull that information from the database.
Right.
So let's go to the edit post and let's make a let's open a stack here first and just get a copy of that
query here might do it again when we have it right here.
Right.
Makes no sense.
So I'm just going to change the name select post by ID here.
All right.
And change here change this here.
Another thing that we want to catch here is get the request right.
So we're going to say if set and I closed this no I did not so make sure you close your loop here.
You don't one mistake.
All right.
So if it's set and what are we checking if his set says say they get and it's called the P ID or I the
store check that now.
But let's just say it.
You see right here on top of the browser the ID does the Get that we're sending.
So the ID if I said I want you to do something.
So what are we going to do is I want to actually convert this here into a variable.
Let's just take the side here.
Write not to be or show you what I want to do is go and see if our lives are getting so much information.
So let's let's try that.
There's got to view polls let's edit it.
And I can see that 20 right here.
So we are getting some information.
Perfect.
All right.
So let's convert that and call it something else call it post let's call it the post ideas and not confuse
a with a database ID or the get Id get post ID or something whatever you want to call it that's fine.
We'd only actually even need this right now but we might later or so.
All right so that we now that we are getting information how we can display some of the information
right here.
So for example I want to play the other.
Let's go ahead and put it right here on the altar Valley you actually put let's put de-value right here
and the beginning there so that where you can see it just in case this goes to the next line value and
say let's open a B tag and let's say Echo and what is the name of this.
Here is a matter of fact we didn't check if that was actually bringing in information from the database.
But we're going to check it right now I guess.
So call this value or.
Plus other semi-colon and let's check it out.
Let's see what happens.
Let's go back that's it.
And we are bringing in some bad stuff because we forgot to do something that should be tagged right
here.
All right.
You see that the name of the author right here and that's exactly the information we have in the database
right.
So we're going to be doing that right now.
We're going to echo everything out.
Let's just go ahead and copy all this.
Actually the whole value thing so that what it would have to do it over and over again.
So
OK
let's do it right here and put the first one the second one and then later on we're going to change
this.
But right now it's just pasted there.
Hopefully we don't forget.
Right.
And this the image we're going to leave for last and then do something else with that and the value
for the area here.
I think we need to put the value of the tets area inside the tetes area here.
We don't need to put Or do we just do it like this.
Let's see if we get some data out of there for now.
All right.
And the image we need to do something else for it and we probably do it in the next lecture so save
it first.
Actually we need to change our values.
He almost forgot.
So this is going to be the title title
this one.
This is make sure that's what it is.
Everything system that post category ID category ID
or two we got this one right.
Pollstar is right.
Image like I said we're going to do something else.
Ampoules tags and post content
are really sticking out.
Just refresh.
All right.
We're getting some undefined post-Clinton content here stuff.
So we're going to check on that.
But right now we're getting post-Idol the idea that everything we're getting all that information out
of here even the pool stacks Let's check out what happened to the post content and
post content is not even here and that is super weird right.
Post content
right.
All right.
Let's check it out.
I would go.
All right.
Remember we're going to get an editor later on so we're going to fix all this space things here.
But we're getting some data out of the database.
Perfect.
So the last lecture we're going to continue this and fix it up a little bit and get a better.
OK.
Get the image also.
So thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture.
Take care.